Add note about common misunderstanding in codePointAt (#13822)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/codepointat/index.md

{{JSRef}}

The **`codePointAt()`** method returns a non-negative integer
that is the Unicode code point value at the given position. 

> Note that function does not give the n'th code point in a string,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note this function does not give the nth code point in a string,
```
